ColabTurtle Wrapper Documentation
Introduction
The colab_turtle_wrapper.py module provides a simplified interface to the ColabTurtle library, allowing users to draw using turtle graphics in Google Colab notebooks without manually installing or initializing the library.

Prerequisites
A Google account to access Google Colab.
Basic knowledge of Python programming.
Getting Started
Accessing Google Colab:

Open your web browser and navigate to Google Colab.
Sign in with your Google account.
Click on New Notebook to create a new Python notebook.
Using the colab_turtle_wrapper.py Module:

Copy the contents of the colab_turtle_wrapper.py module.
In your Google Colab notebook, create a new code cell (click on + Code).
Paste the copied content into this cell and run it (click on the play button or press Shift + Enter).
Drawing with Turtle:

After running the colab_turtle_wrapper.py module, you can start using turtle commands in subsequent code cells.
For example, to draw a simple square:

  from colab_turtle_wrapper import forward, left

  for _ in range(4):
      forward(100)
      left(90)


API Reference
The module provides a set of functions that mirror the traditional turtle graphics API. Here are some of the key functions:

forward(units): Moves the turtle forward by the specified number of units.
backward(units): Moves the turtle backward by the specified number of units.
left(degrees): Turns the turtle left by the specified number of degrees.
right(degrees): Turns the turtle right by the specified number of degrees.
penup(): Lifts the pen, so the turtle's movement won't draw anything.
pendown(): Puts the pen down, so the turtle's movement will draw.
... and many more. Refer to the colab_turtle_wrapper.py module for the complete list.

Troubleshooting
Library not installed: The module should automatically install the ColabTurtle library. However, if you encounter any issues, you can manually install it by running !pip3 install ColabTurtle in a new code cell.

Turtle not drawing: Ensure you've run the colab_turtle_wrapper.py module before using turtle commands. Also, make sure you're using functions from the colab_turtle_wrapper module and not directly from ColabTurtle.

